EPN subtype method added (#150)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/03.methods.md

6. Non-MB and non-ATRT embryonal tumors with <i>CIC-NUTM1</i> or other <i>CIC</i> fusions, were subtyped as `CNS EFT-CIC` (CNS Ewing sarcoma family tumor with <i>CIC</i> alteration).
7. Non-MB and non-ATRT embryonal tumors that did not fit any of the above categories were subtyped as CNS Embryonal, NOS (CNS Embryonal tumor, not otherwise specified).

Ependymoma (EPN) were subtyped into `EPN, ST RELA`, `EPN, ST YAP1`, `EPN, PF A` and `EPN, PF B` based on evidence for these molecular subgroups as described in Pajtler et al. [@doi:10.1016/j.ccell.2015.04.002]. 
Briefly, fusion, CNV and gene expression data were used to subtype EPN as followed:
1. Any tumor with fusions containing `RELA` as fusion partner, e.g., `C11orf95--RELA`, `LTBP3--RELA`, was subtyped as `EPN, ST RELA`.

> 2.  Any tumor with fusions containing `YAP1` as fusion partner, such as `C11orf95--YAP1`, `YAP1--MAMLD1` and `YAP1--FAM118B`, was subtyped as `EPN, ST YAP1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Any tumor with fusions containing `YAP1` as fusion partner, such as `C11orf95--YAP1`, `YAP1--MAMLD1` and `YAP1--FAM118B`, was subtyped as `EPN, ST YAP1`.
```

3. Any tumor with the following molecular characterization would be subtyped as `EPN, PF A`: 
- _CXorf67_ expression z-score of over 3
- _CXorf67_ expression z-score of over 3 and 1q gain 
- _TKTL1_ expression z-score of over 3 and 1q gain
4. Any tumor with the following molecular characterization would be subtyped as `EPN, PF B`:
- _GPBP17_ expression z-score of over 3 and chromosome 6 long arm (6q) loss
- _GPBP17_ expression z-score of over 3 and chromosome 6 short arm (6p) loss

> - _IFT46_ expression z-score of over 3 and chromosome 6 long arm (6q) loss
> - _IFT46_ expression z-score of over 3 and chromosome 6 short arm (6p) loss

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _IFT46_ expression z-score of over 3 and loss of 6q or 6p
```

> Any tumor with the above molecular characteristics would be exclusively subtyped to the designated group. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Any tumor with the above molecular characteristics would be exclusively subtyped to the designated group. 
```

Extra line here helps with readability in the rich diff.

> For all other remaining EPN tumors without above molecular characteristics, they would be subtyped to `EPN, ST RELA` and `EPN, ST YAP1` in a non-exclusive way if any of the following alterations were present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all other remaining EPN tumors without above molecular characteristics, they would be subtyped to `EPN, ST RELA` and `EPN, ST YAP1` in a non-exclusive way (e.g., a tumor could have both `EPN, ST RELA` and `EPN, ST YAP1` subtypes) if any of the following alterations were present.
```

> 1. Any tumor with the following alterations would have `EPN, ST RELA` assigned: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Any tumor with the following alterations was assigned `EPN, ST RELA`: 
```

- `PTEN--TAS2R1` fusion 

> - chromosome 9 short arm (9p) loss 
> - chromosome 9 long arm (9q) loss 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- chromosome 9 arm (9p or 9q) loss 
```

- _RELA_ expression z-score of over 3 
- _L1CAM_ expression z-score of over 3 

> 2. Any tumor with the following alterations would have `EPN, ST YAP1` assigned: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Any tumor with the following alterations was assigned `EPN, ST YAP1`: 
```

- `C11orf95--MAML2` fusion 

> - chromosome 11 long arm (9p) loss 
> - chromosome 11 long arm (9q) gain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- chromosome 11 short arm (11p) loss 
- chromosome 11 long arm (11q) gain
```

- _ARL4D_ expression z-score of over 3 
- _CLDN1_ expression z-score of over 3

> Note that the above molecular characteristics did not exclusively subtype EPN tumors. 
> That means, if any tumor has for example `PTEN--TAS2R1` fusion and _ARL4D_ expression z-score of over 3, both `EPN, ST YAP1` and `EPN, ST RELA` would be assigned to the sample.

Reviewer: Moved a note to the first sentence about this

```suggestion
```
